I've never met anyone like you.
Same here.
Hello, miss.
You look beautiful tonight.
Thank you.
He's a lucky old coot.
You know he's married
with a couple of kids?
You 're going to get me
into trouble, Little Gunman.
You need me to remind you
how well-known Kate and Tilly are,
how killing them would be the act
of a short-sighted galoot
who didn't value his neck?
You want someone to tell you what's
what. Norman Bruhn. That's what.
Now go out and arrest him.
Now, your men, they're
prepared to stand in court,
swear it was Bruhn who cut them?
JEFFS: I know it's toilsome,
but we've got a common problem here.
Got an idea, do you, Jeffs?
We scare him off, shoot him in the knee.
Both knees.
Just kill him!
You wanna bring every copper
in Sydney down on us?
FRANK GREEN: You want me
to shoot Norman Bruhn?
You the gunman
or aren't you, Frankie?
(GUNFIRE)
MACKAY: Mrs Bruhn, my condolences.
Did he say anything? Did he...
did he tell you who shot him?
IRENE BRUHN: No, he didn't.
And I wouldn't tell you if he had.
(THEME MUSIC)
SONG: # It's a jungle out there
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
# It's a jungle out there
# It's a jungle out there. #
(UPBEAT MUSIC)
The 1920s
were a pretty violent era -
slashings. punch-ups.
shootings, knifings -
but. strangely. not that many murders.
Until Norman Bruhn came up from
Melbourne and upset the apple-cart.
His brutal murder was a signal event
for the police. for his gang
and especially for Kate Leigh
and Tilly Devine.
Matilda Mary Devine, you get out
of the sack and get out here.
You open this door or I'll come in
there and black your fucking eye!
What?
I want you to tell me
why Frank Green...
A kid who wouldn't
pull up his own socks
unless someone else told him to!
...why he thought to put five rounds into
Norman Bruhn last night.
'Cause someone with guts told him to.
We agreed - you, me,
Jeffs, your hubby.
We agreed that Bruhn was just
getting a bullet in the leg.
I'm not listening to you, Kate Leigh...
What do you think is gonna
happen now, you silly bitch?
Do you know what you've done?
You fucking bet
I know what I done.
A bullet in the leg wasn't
gonna stop Norman Bruhn.
It would've just given him a limp
and pissed him off.
(WHISPERS) Right.
Well, you've left
two kids fatherless.
His blood's on your hands.
Oh, you piss off,
you smug, ugly slag.
You got no idea what I done for us.
You should be on your knees
kissing me fucking toes!
Rabbitoh!
OK, left, right, left...
Left, right...
Morning.
We've lost a customer.
Yeah? Who?
You know that bolshie bugger
from Melbourne?
Bruhn? What about him?
Let's just say since last night,
he ain't gonna be partaking
in fruit and flesh no more.
Watch me barrow for me.
If you touch so much as a grape
I'll chop your hand off!
Rabbitoh!
Rabbitoh! Rabbitoh!
(SOLEMN MUSIC)
Thank you for walking me home and...
...and... for being there.
You gonna be right?
Yeah, yeah.
Could I... could I come in?
Uh... Oh, no.
WOMAN: Frankie, careful - the baby.
(GRUNTS)
(PEOPLE JOSTLE AND CALL
OUTSIDE)
WOMAN: OK, love!
If anyone asks...
...I was home all night.
Mm?
(QUIRKY MUSIC)
You know what happens to pups
who disobey orders, Frankie?
They get in stir.
Do something bad enough, they face
a firing squad or the nurse.
Now, granted my wife's
got a persuasive mouth,
but you still gotta
do the right thing.
You follow my orders, not hers.
Do you understand me?
(GRUNTS) Yeah.
(GAGS)
So how's it feel?
A bit sore.
No, no. I mean to have,
you know, popped the coot.
Told you I was the Gunman.
I knew you had it in you.
You watch yourself, mate.
The cops are crawling
all over this like bull ants.
Thanks, mate.
(BANGING AT DOOR)
EILEEN: Keep it up
if you 're good looking!
Oi!
MACKAY: Where's your mother?
Norman Bruhn's been shot.
You know anything about it?
It's a dangerous world.
Don't buggerise
around with me, Kate.
This isn't a bashing or
an argy-bargy over a couple of quid.
A man has been murdered.
I told you that
Norman Bruhn was a problem.
I told you something
needed to be done about him.
So what were your whereabouts
on the night in question?
SNOWY:
I can't remember nothing.
You don't recall the small matter
of five shots being
let off into your boss?
Don't have a boss.
You deny you 're a member
of Norman Bruhn's gang?
Norman who?
(CHUCKLES)
Why did you go drinking
with him at Mack's?
Mack's on Charlotte Lane?
Never been there.
(SMACK!)
(LAUGHS HOARSELY)
Is that the best you got?
You wouldn't wanna try my best.
Mr Bruhn was dropped
by taxi at Mack's
in the company
of a man he called Snowy.
Moreover, the publican
where he'd been drinking earlier,
he's identified you
as one of Mr Bruhn's
most intimate and regular friends.
You know what I think,
Mr Snowy Cutmore?
I think you led your boss
into a trap that night.
I think you wanted Mr Bruhn dead
so you could get a bigger slice
of his grubby standover pie.
Oh, that Norman Bruhn.
Aye.
I was his loyal fucking deputy.
So if it wasn't you who
pulled the trigger, who was it?
Mr Moffitt, you've been driving a cab
round here for years, right?
Well, you'd be aware that several
well-known underworld identities
frequent this area -
Jim and Tilly Devine,
Kate Leigh, Phil The Jew.
These men outside Mack's last night,
you recognise them as associates
of any of these people?
Oh, there's a lot of
likely lads about these days.
They wear their hats pulled low.
TOM WICKHAM: Fred,
did any of them say anything?
One of the ones
that come up the street,
he told me to get out of there.
Right, so he told you to leave?
"You best push off," he said.
Twice, like he knew something was up.
WICKHAM: Could be a job
for Constable Blissett.
(UPBEAT SWING MUSIC)
Ray Blissett
was a man you wanted on your side -
big. brave. incorruptible.
If he hit you. you stayed hit.
If he clobbered you.
you stayed clobbered.
(SCREAMS) My bag! My bag!
Oh, my bag!
Stop! Police! Stop!
He was Bill Mackay's one-man army
and he single-handedly
rounded up the usual suspects.
(SWING MUSIC CONTINUES)
(SWING MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
(NEEDLE BUZZES)
Whatever happened to 'Mum'?
Or an anchor?
Need you to accompany me
down to the station, mate.
I'll come when I'm ready.
You 're ready.
(LAUGHS)
Over there.
Oh, so you 're a tit man, hey?
Fuck off, Gaffney.
Come on!
Come here!
Stop that.
Hats.
HATS!
Now, which one of you little
birdies shot Norman Bruhn, hey?
We're set!
(DARK MUSIC)
They're all very alike.
Just take a good look at each one.
It was very dark.
I'm... I'm a bit short-sighted.
What if they say something?
You!
Say, "You best push off."
You best push off.
You.
Nah.
(MOUTHS)
(HESITANTLY) You best push off.
Wife says I'm a bit
hard of hearing too, you know?
Murder in Darlinghurst!
Read it in the 'Truth'.
Thanks, mate.
Murder in Darlinghurst
in the 'Truth'!
When was the last time
you saw Norman Bruhn?
The day he died.
I saw every single bit of him.
Did he seem worried?
Talk about his enemies?
Cover yourself, for God's sake.
Selling yourself
is a dangerous game, Nellie.
Who's gonna look after you
now Norman's gone?
I can look after myself.
Better off going
back to work for Tilly Devine.
Least you'd have some protection.
Better off still if you went home.
I'm having fun.
Constable Armfield,
who... who shot Norman?
There's a range of suspects.
Anyone in particular?
You've probably
had fun with them all.
So what have you heard?
(SCOFFS) Everyone's
talking about it.
Hey, um, you haven't got
any snow, do you, Nell?
Tilly's making me work
12-hour shifts. I'm a bit sleepy.
So are you gonna keep
working here, then?
Nah, I'll be right.
(SNIFFS) You 're game.
So, Gwyn, what's the word?
Oh, who shot Norman Bruhn?
Well, Peg heard from Aggie who was
doing a special with Tom Kelly
that it was someone
called the Gunman.
So Norman was shot
by someone called the Gunman?
That's Greg Gaffney, right?
Greg 'The Gunman' Gaffney?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, wait. No, I got it wrong.
It weren't the Gunman.
It were the Little Gunman.
Thanks.
(WALKS AWAY)
OK, here's this for your troubles.
Now, don't you take it!
Alright, I know your mum.
I know where to find ya.
Off you go. Run along!
Go on. Run.
While Norman Bruhn
might have been problem solved.
there was still the ongoing
problem of his razor gang.
Tonight we're turning
over the two-up,
get ourselves some boodle together,
get some shooters and fix
Devine and Leigh for good.
Norm used his dying breath
to anoint you boss, did he?
You got a problem with that?
Just admiring your
democratic process.
GEORGE WALLACE: Who was it,
Snow? Who knocked him?
I told you already. I didn't see.
Bull's wool! You was there.
From now on, there's
no more pussyfooting.
We're gonna get rid of the bitches,
get ourselves rich.
If you lads wanna get on,
you 'll stick with me.
I'm kicking the shit
out of this stupid city
and no-one's gonna stop me.
Yeah, I don't know
about that.
Hi, fellas. Having
a little wake, are we?
Don't mind me. Keep chatting
among yourselves.
Pretend I'm not here.
Bugger this.
HAYES: You know the best
time I ever had? The war.
I mean, all the blood, the mud...
But I reckon I had a better time
with the Huns than I ever had here.
Mates stuck by mates.
Yeah. Stick with me then, Jack.
I'm your ticket
to the glorious future.
Hey, cheer up, will ya?!
Norm's dead and we don't
have to see the gloomy bastard
take the lion's share
of everything we graft no more.
Your abject grief
for the man's very moving, Snowy.
You wouldn't
happened to have a hand
in the tragic events of
the other evening, now, would you?
What do you think?
Well, if he'd been shot in the back,
I'd know for sure.
Ohh!
I fought a war for the glorious future
of this country.
If you 're the best it's got to offer,
I was wasting me bloody time.
Fuck.
Frank 'Razor Jack' Hayes
was the first of Norman's
gang to break ranks.
He stowed away on a freighter
bound for the bright lights and
great future of the Weimar Republic
and was never heard from again.
(RAGTIME PIANO TUNE PLAYS)
GEORGE WALLACE: Hey!
(PLAYS RAGTIME TUNE)
(SLURS) Play 'Goodnight, Irene', you!
Mate, I've played it
a dozen times already tonight.
Go on. Play it. Play it!
(SINGS DRUNKENLY)
# Irene, goodnight... #
It was Norm's favourite.
Play it! Play it!
Play it! Play it! Play it! Play it!
Arggh!
Leave him alone, George!
Piss off!
Ohh!
Here!
GEORGE: Ohh!
I'll see you in my fucking dreams...
WOMAN: Hyah!
(CLANG!)
Uhh...
He felt me up every time
he come in here.
George Wallace left Sydney
to avoid a jail term for assault
and crossed the country
to fair Western Australia.
But after trying to pinch
one wallet too many.
the Midnight Raper
was stabbed in the guts
and bled to death
outside a public toilet.
And what of Norman Bruhn's best girl.
pretty Nellie Cameron?
All she knew w as she was
fatally attracted to bad men.
She didn't know why. How could she?
She was still only 16.
(PEOPLE LAUGH AND YELL)
(GLASS BREAKS IN DISTANCE)
Evening, sir.
Doesn't know what
he's missing out on, hey?
How are you, Snowy?
Number one now,
picking up where Norm left off.
And what's his is mine now.
His push, his earn, his girl.
So how much will I make
outta you, pretty Nellie?
I'm gonna go home now.
Yeah? What did Norm take?
8 bob out of ever 10?
Let me go!
Help! Please help me!
I bet you 're worth every penny.
Ohh!
Don't you lot get it?
I'm the boss. I am the boss!
I'm the... Oh!
Ohh... Ugh...
(GROANS)
(SCREAMS)
Ohh!
Next time...
...I aim higher.
(WHIMPERS)
Come on.
Let's get you home.
That's him. That's Frank Green.
The Little Gunman.
You charge
15 bob a toss from now on.
You 're the prettiest girl.
You should get something for it.
Frank, if I asked you where you were
the night Norman was killed,
what would you say?
None of your business.
And don't you ever
frickin' question me again.
Well, mum's the word.
So now only one member
of Norman Bruhn's razor gang
was left to prey on Razorhurst.
('THE ENTERTAINER'
BY SCOTT JOPLIN)
See you, lads. See you later, boys.
You gonna be in trouble
when you get home? (LAUGHS)
(GLASS SMASHES)
Oh! (GRUNTS)
Give us your wallet, cripple.
Ohh!
Arggh! Ohh!
Get in there! Come on.
(MOANS AND YELLS)
KATE: Hey, hey, get out of me way!
Hey, enough!
(SNOWY COUGHS AND GAGS)
Are you alright?
Ohh!
(MEN LAUGH)
(KATE GRUNTS)
Thank you.
OK.
Snowy Cutmore cut his losses in Sydney
and took himself back to
the city in the south - Melbourne -
where opportunity was knocking
because his old foe Squizzy Taylor
was already under threat
as Melbourne's number one gangster.
I'm making you your favourite -
roast lamb and peas.
But Snowy didn't plan
on a bout of the flu
or on Squizzy's
'first in. best dressed' attitude.
(SNOWY COUGHS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
(SNOWY SNEEZES)
Gesundheit.
What the fuck do you want?
To teach you not to be
a scheming waste of space,
you traitorous fucking prick.
No, no, no. Squizz,
please, give me a chance.
A chance for what?
For what?!
To fucking do you first,
you little...
Joseph Leslie Theodore 'Squizzy' Taylor
died a few hours later in hospital
and John 'Snowy ' Cutmore
never got to eat his favourite tea.
The Inspector General of Police
wasn't too thrilled with the rampant
slashings and unsolved shootings
on the streets of Darlinghurst.
He expected a result
and that Bill Mackay would deliver it.
Norman Bruhn's razor gang
has gone the way of all flesh.
We still have to solve his murder,
catch his killer
and show that Darlinghurst
is not a lawless town.
Bill, we've questioned everyone
associated with Jeffs,
the Devines and Leigh.
They've all got alibis,
admittedly provided by themselves.
So what's the plan?
I think it's time we took
a leaf out of Norman Bruhn's book.
(SINGS) # To lie in sweat
on familiar sheets
# In brick veneer on financed beds
# In a room of silent HardiFlex
# That certain texture,
that certain smell
# Brings home the heavy days
# Brings home the night-time swell
# Oh, out on the patio we'd sit
# And the humidity we'd breathe
# We'd watch the lightning
crack over cane fields
# Laugh and think
# "This is Australia," yeah... #
Can't you tell a good watch
when you see one?
It's broken.
Oh, it's Swiss-made.
Have a look at the silver mark.
(WHISTLES BLOW IN DISTANCE)
Raid! Kate, raid.
MAN: Raid! Raid!
Get out of here!
WOMAN: Raid! Police!
MACKAY: Thank you
for your kind introduction.
We're here investigating
the murder of Mr Norman Bruhn.
We've got a few questions.
You 're under arrest for supplying
alcohol during prohibited hours.
Bill needed to break the code of silence
and his tactics to achieve it
were rather like Norman Bruhn's -
he was gonna disrupt Kate's business
until she turned informant.
Arrest wasn't a problem for Kate.
She could afford bail.
afford lawyers. afford fines.
The problem was that
Bill Mackay and his troops
turned up at one or other
of her sly grog joints
night after night
and always with the name
Norman Bruhn on their lips.
And Kate knew exactly
who she blamed for that.
KATE: Bloody Tilly bloody Devine.
Our takings were down 50% this week
thanks to the bonzer favour
she does by knocking Bruhn.
Yeah, punters don't want coppers
breathing into their beers.
Funny that.
I'm gonna pay her back and some.
Here.
Let me.
If Mackay's gonna make
the grog hard work
we have to expand the snow.
Phil The Jew said he can supply me with
as much as I can shift.
How many blokes you got selling it?
Half a dozen. I'll need some more.
I could rustle you up a few lads.
Huh, the lads you know
look like you, Wal.
Toffs from the suburbs buying angie
want to think they're
a cut above such undesirables.
Oh, only want good-lookers
working for you now, hey?
Yeah, I'm sick of your ugly mug.
What?
Ohh.
Two birds, one stone.
Oh, look at them
lightweight woollens.
Yeah, 12 and 6 a yard, but.
What about them chiné frocks?
I love that green one.
What is it? 39 and 6?
Phew!
How many blokes would you have
to service before you could afford that?
You'd be working all day.
What does Tilly let you keep, huh?
5 bob of every 20? 4? 3?
Oh, wouldn't it be nice
to work for someone
who doesn't take such a big bite
of your earn, hm?
We ain't discussing our financial
affairs with you, Mrs Leigh.
Come on, girls.
Wouldn't you love
not having to worry
every month about
getting in the bumpy way, hm?
About some sweaty bloke
giving you the pox?
This ain't a good idea.
Don't be such a killjoy. Huh!
(SIGHS) What's wrong with having
what the rich folk have?
Hmm?
I don't know, girls.
It's a nasty old world.
Best enjoy it while you can.
(MAN PLAYS CHEERFUL TUNE
ON ACCORDION)
Come on, lover.
Don't.
Oh, come on!
Stop it!
Go on.
What's the matter? Can't you dance?
Don't!
Don't take that tone with me.
Hey, don't take that tone with her!
The lady wants a dance. It's pretty
stiff not to oblige her.
'Crapetti', isn't it?
It's Calletti.
Right. Fuck off and keep
your dago nose to yourself.
Frank! Front and centre.
Go home.
Are we still going to the dance?
Go home! I'll meet you there.
Go home!
(MAN ENDS ACCORDION TUNE)
(MAN PLAYS MOODY
TUNE ON ACCORDION)
You belong to
the Little Gunman now, do ya?
He looks after me, yes.
Bruhn, Green...
When are you gonna find yourself
a man with a bit of real colour?
Just a dance.
(MAN PLAYS ROMANTIC WALTZ
ON ACCORDION)
Looking for something special
to add to your night?
Lovely snowy white it is.
And only five shillings a snifter.
(CHEERFUL MUSIC
PLAYS ON RADIO)
(WOMEN CHATTER INDISTINCTLY)
Oh, my gosh.
Where's Peg and Beth?
Ahem!
Well, it wasn't my fault.
Going good, yeah?
Yeah, brilliant.
Blokes think we're selling one thing and
stay for the other.
Good girls.
Want one for later?
You shut your mouth.
Shut your mouth.
I don't believe it.
Poaching me girls, hey?
That's a new low
even for a slut from Dubbo.
Come here, you ungrateful moll!
Let go, Devine! They can
work for Kate if they want.
And you fucking owe her anyway,
the trouble you've caused.
Fuck-ugly! You all want trouble?
Well, here it is. Come here!
Oh, fuck!
(GRUNTS)
Ohh! Arrgh! (SCREAMS)
Oh, fuck. Fuck you!
Go! Oh, shit.
(TENSE MUSIC)
(SCREAMS) Peg!
(SCREAMS AND CRIES)
Leave her alone!
Go on.
Beth!
(MUSIC RISES)
No! No!
Kate.
Oh, Jesus.
(SOBS)
Kate...
Constable Blissett, isn't it?
(CLEARS THROAT)
So what's a bloke who bashes up people
for a living doing in here?
Same as you. Just having
a chat with the Almighty.
Listen to you, does he?
Answer your prayers?
Well, Souths have won
a few premierships of late
so I'm not complaining.
What do you ask for?
I'm not gonna use it
against you. Don't worry.
I was brought up Methodist.
I just got engaged
and me fiancée, she's a staunch Mick.
So here I am,
learning me new dogmas.
What do you pray for?
Guidance.
Mrs Leigh.
The candle - who's that for?
Norman Bruhn.
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACH)
Looking for some fun there?
Ohh! (GRUNTS)
Two on one? Hardly fair, Wal.
You tell that to them poor tarts.
(GRUNTS AND YELLS)
Ohh!
(GLASS SMASHES)
(WOMEN SCREAM AND YELL)
Why was Nugget on his own?
Why was he on his own?
Where was Frank?
I gave him the night off.
Oh, Jesus, Jim!
How fucking thick are you?
Fuck.
And so it went.
Tilly slashed Kate's people.
Kate slashed Tilly's
and their personal feud
fed on the blood of others.
No-one was safe.
(UPBEAT BIG-BAND MUSIC)
(PEOPLE CHATTER AND LAUGH)
Stood you up, has he?
Are you following me, Mr Calletti?
Yeah.
Wanna know why?
'Cause I wanna have you, Nellie.
I wanna own you.
I wanna have you
and watch other blokes have you
and take their money from them
and no matter how much they spend
on you or how much they fuck you,
I want them to know
that they got nothing...
...because they don't own you, I do.
15 shillings, thanks, mate.
You want her? Fine. 15 bob.
What if I don't wanna pay?
Well, then you 're pitching for
my girl and I'll drop you for it.
I could take you out like that.
What? A barrow boy?
A two-bit hood?
Come on.
You know who I am?
You know what I've done?
You know who I've fixed, hm?
Do you know what they call me?
They call me...
Oh!
(MEN GRUNT)
(UPBEAT QUIRKY MUSIC)
Ooh!
(ONLOOKERS CHEER AND HOLLER)
Frank!
Guido!
(GRUNTS)
Arggh!
Frank Green lost his spoils of war.
Nellie Cameron
became Guido Calletti's
best girl and meal ticket.
But not to worry.
Frank would win back
pretty Nellie soon enough.
The hit on Norman Bruhn changed
everything for Kate and Tilly.
The fallout from his death
upped the ante on their rivalry.
plus they knew
they'd got away with murder.
The stakes could only rise.
We have to obey the law,
but they don't.
Look at them,
up to their pits in no good.
And we know they're
plotting and scheming.
We doing anything about it?
We just have to sit here and wait
to pick up the fucking pieces.
MAN: Six o'clock, gentlemen!
If you can't drink 'em, leave 'em.
If you can't leave 'em, drink 'em!
That fucking stupid law.
(WOMAN SINGS)
# This is Australia
# Ahh, ahh...
# Ahh!
# Yeah, yeah, yeah. #
(THEME MUSIC)
SONG: # It's a jungle out there
# It's a jungle out there
# It's a jungle out there. #
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org